"Cleanliness might be next to godliness, but the demons of disease fight on the side with the denser population." - David Clark, Germs, Genes, and Civilization
"If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts." - Francis Bacon
"I am an American… first to knock, first admitted." - Saul Bellow
"Nothing shocks me.  I'm a scientist." - Indiana Jones
"I mistrust all frank and simple people, especially when their stories hold together." - Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises
"'The funny thing is he's nice, too.  I like him.  But he's just so awful.'  'He can be damn nice.'  'I know it.  That's the terrible part.'" - Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises
"'How did you go bankrupt?' Bill asked.  'Two ways,' Mike said.  'Gradually and then suddenly." - Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises
"The brave dies perhaps two thousand deaths if he's intelligent.  He simply doesn't mention them." - Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell To Arms
"No, that is the great fallacy; the wisdom of old men.  They do not grow wise.  They grow careful." - Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell To Arms
"Why does man Kill?  He kills for food.  And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage." - Woody Allen, Without Feathers
"We quarreled, and she brought up the subject of children again, but I convinced her they would be too young." - Woody Allen, Without Feathers
"It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens." - Woody Allen, Without Feathers
"On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down." - Woody Allen, Without Feathers
"Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons." - Woody Allen, Without Feathers
"Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you." - Ernest Hemingway, Death In The Afternoon
"Madame, it is always a mistake to know an author." - Ernest Hemingway, Death In The Afternoon
"There's no limit to how complicated things can get on account of one thing leading to another." - E. B. White
"It turns out there is always an idiot around who doesn't think much about the thumb drive in their hand." - Military strategist
"When one is in town one amuses oneself.  When one is in the country one amuses other people.  It is excessively boring." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"It is very romantic to be in love.  But there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal.  Why, one may be accepted.  One usually is, I believe.  Then the excitement is all over.  The very essence of romance is uncertainty.  If I ever get married, I'll certainly try to forget the fact." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"It is absurd to have a hard-and-fast rule about what one should read and what one shouldn't.  More than half of modern culture depends on what one shouldn't read." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"Oh!  I hope I am not perfect.  It would leave no room for developments, and I intend to develop in many directions." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"You always want to argue about things."  "That is exactly what things were originally made for." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"If I am occasionally a little over-dressed, I make up for it by being always immensely over-educated." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"I never travel without my diary.  One should always have something sensational to read in the train." - Oscar Wilde, The Importance Of Being Earnest
"Maybe I'll be able to later.  I can do nearly everything later." - Ernest Hemingway, Green Hills Of Africa
"'Then you are happy?'  'Except when I think of other people.'" - Ernest Hemingway, Green Hills Of Africa
"One shot, meat.  Two shots, maybe.  Three shots, heap shit." - Ernest Hemingway, Green Hills Of Africa
"No man is an Iland, intire of it self; every man is a peece of the Continent… any death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee." - John Donne
"Hay que tomar la muerte como si fuera aspirina/You will have to take death as an aspirin" - Ernest Hemingway, For Whom The Bell Tolls
"Happiness, as you know, is a movable feast." - Ernest Hemingway, Across The River And Into The Trees
"After all, sheets are sheets and some one has to change them, and some one has to wash them." - Ernest Hemingway, Across The River And Into The Trees
"He has aroused neither love, hate, dislike, fear nor suspicion.  Do you really want to know anything about him?" - Ernest Hemingway, Across The River And Into The Trees
"It was not the Soviet Union that decided that the atomic bomb was going to be the weapon of the future." - Tom Zoellner, Uranium
"'It is not bad,' he said.  'And pain does not matter to a man.'" - Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man And The Sea
"Can we actually 'know' the universe?  My God, it's hard enough finding your way around in Chinatown." - Woody Allen, The Insanity Defense
"He is perhaps best known for his experiments in behavior, in which he proved that death is an acquired trait." - Woody Allen, The Insanity Defense
"The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep." - Woody Allen, The Insanity Defense
"Cloquet hated reality but realized it was still the only place to get a good steak." - Woody Allen, The Insanity Defense
"It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.  The good ones slept better, Cloquet thought, while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours more." - Woody Allen, The Insanity Defense
"Figure it out.  Work a lifetime to pay off a house.  You finally own it, and there's nobody to live in it." - Arthur Miller, Death Of A Salesman
"Minds are like swords, I do fear.  The old ones go to rust." - George R.R. Martin, A Game Of Thrones
"There are no men like me.  There's only me." - George R.R. Martin, A Clash Of Kings
"A reader lives a thousands lives before he dies.  The man who never reads lives only one." - George R.R. Martin, A Dance With Dragons
"Sports communicate a code, a language of the emotions, and a tourist who skips the stadiums will not recoup his losses at Lincoln Center and Grant's Tomb." - Wilfrid Sheed
"No woman should drink a milkshake alone." - Matt Richtel, New York Times
"Our nada who art in nada, nada be thy name thy kingdom nada thy will be nada in nada as it is in nada.  Give us this nada our daily nada and nada us our nada as we nada our nadas and nada us not into nada but deliver us from nada; pues nada." - Ernest Hemingway, A Clean, Well-lighted Place
"The Alps fill the mind with a kind of agreeable horror."
"Everything's okay until it isn't."
"I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments. The front page has nothing but man's failures." - Chief Justice Earl Warren
"For nothing is more suitable to persons of gravity and decorum than to endure minor inconveniences with constancy." - C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy
"He had not yet learned that if you do one good deed your reward usually is to be set to do another and harder and better one." - C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy
"When people say it cannot be done, they only mean it has never been done before." - Angeline Murimirwa
"Lying is done with words, and also silence." - Adrienne Rich
"Every revolutionary ends by becoming either an oppressor or a heretic." - Albert Camus
"A long, bookish weekend should begin with a drink." - Dwight Garner, The New York Times
"I feel immense shame, horror and bewilderment when I look at my old code."
"The frog does not drink up the pond in which he lives." - Native American proverb
"Everybody complains about the weather, but nobody ever does anything about it." - Mark Twain
"One of America's great ironies is that not only did New York's aristocrats help save the West's buffalo from extinction, but they used New York's buffalo to do it." - Steven Rinella, American Buffalo
"Death has to win only once, but life has to win every day.  And in the end death wins." - Roy Baumeister, Is There Anything Good About Men?
"The herring is a lucky fish, of good health he is ensured.  For whenever he gets ill, immediately he's cured." - Mike Smylie, Herring: A History of the Silver Darlings
"Inert antiques were all very well, but there was magic in old wine - a mysterious and wonderful alchemy in something that could live and change for two hundred years and still be drinkable." - Benjamin Wallace, The Billionaire's Vinegar
"Tasting old wine is like making love to an old lady… It is possible.  It can even be enjoyable.  But it requires a little bit of imagination." - André Tchelistcheff
"It is absurd to divide people into good and bad.  People are either charming or tedious." - Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan
"Good heavens! how marriage ruins a man!  It's as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive." - Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan
"No, we are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe." - Abraham Lincoln
"I don't like that man.  I must get to know him better." - Abraham Lincoln
"The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just." - Abraham Lincoln
"No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." - Abraham Lincoln
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"If you don't like your job you don't strike, you just go in there every day and do it really half-assed.  That's the American way." - Homer Simpson
"[E]ven as the bike-sharing stations remain a source of dismay to some residents, they have served to illustrate a well-worn maxim of urban planning: If you build something, New Yorkers will find a way to lean on it." - Matt Flegenheimer, The New York Times
"The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.  Let the reader catch his own breath." - Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart
"Perhaps history does not repeat itself exactly, but it is certainly prone to extended paraphrases." - Jelani Cobb, The New Yorker
"Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.  She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"In vain above the greedy fisherman toils while with arts more exquisite the bass beguiles." - Ovid
"Never get between a fat hog and a trough.  He'll run you over every time." - Paul Greenberg, Four Fish
"In preparing for battle, I have found that planning is essential, but plans are useless." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"The man who bets his savings on a million-to-one shot is a moron whether the horse wins or not." - Sockatume
"Some might view a rule against preferential treatment as exhibiting hostility toward religion, but equality should never be mistaken for hostility." - District Judge Barbara B. Crabb, FFRF v Geithner
"Hodie mini, cras tibi/Today it's me, tomorrow it will be you" - Von Elswich of New Sweden to Peter Stuyvesant of New Netherland
"It would unleash a rain of violence, a storm that would swallow the place, ending the torment, ending things the way they ought to end, in good, quenching blood and fire." - Russel Shorto, The Island at the Center of the World
"The universe is probably littered with the one-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic decision that there's no good reason to go into space--each discovered, studied, and remembered by the ones who made the irrational decision." - Randall Munroe
"Living in New York means you get to treat the rest of the country like it's the kiddie table at cocktail party. 'Oh, Chicago? Go have a seat with Dallas and Denver over in the corner.'" - Drew Magary
"A human is only happy if she has two, and everybody else has one.  And even then, she starts imagining three." - Zach Weiner
"[B]eer is more important than armies when it comes to understanding people." - Alexei Vranich
"If your son looks like you, it's genetics.  If he looks like your neighbor, it's epigenetics." - Rolf Zinkernagel
"Fairy tales... are more than true.  Not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be defeated." - Neil Gaiman
"Freedom is mankind's elixir, even if a few turn it to poison." - John Updike
"It is never wise to turn aside from knowing, however the knowing comes." - Mary Stewart, The Hollow Hills
"You don't need people.  They're unreliable." - Jerry Seinfeld
"Civilization begins with distillation." - William Faulkner
"Non Frustra Signorum Obitus Speculamur et Ortus/Not in vain do we watch the setting and rising of the stars" - Virgil
"The Swan doth love the water clear, And so does man good ale and beer." - Elsie Marley
"[T]he rules of writing are like magic spells. If you never acquire them, then not using them says nothing." - xkcd
"The valuables and debris of your life reach equal status at death. They are simply everything that's left behind." - Ben Shattuck
"Deny ignorance"
"There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it." - Mary Wilson Little
"Freedom consists in the force and power not to admit evil into the world." - Lev Shestov
"It is the way of the powerful to expect rules to apply to you and not to them." - Reverend Scott Wells
"When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion." - Abraham Lincoln
"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Never let an animal see you as the path of least resistance."
"[A] mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge." - George R.R. Martin, A Game Of Thrones
"Waiting is difficult only for those beset by the delusion of time." - John Burdett, Bangkok 8
"He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster." - Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil, Aphorism 146
"Conceived in pleasure and begotten in pain, the human animal is born naked like all other beasts." - Noga Arikha
"Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him, and calls the adventure science." - Edwin Hubble
"It is far more seemly to have thy Studie full of Bookes, than thy Purse full of money." - John Lyly, Euphues
"An asshole is not a brilliant visionary just because a toilet has a bottomless appetite for what comes out of it." - Albert Burneko
"You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me." - C.S. Lewis
"Make no little plans.  They have no magic to stir men's blood…" - Daniel Burnham
"Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the assessment that something else is more important than fear." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Pure panic and fear is the biggest motivator I've ever had." - Snuffy Walden, The West Wing Weekly
"Amateurs talk about tactics, but professionals study logistics." - General Robert H. Barrow, Commandant of the Marine Corps
"A good science fiction story should be able to predict not the automobile but the traffic jam." - Frederik Pohl
"Life is short, though I keep this from my children." - Maggie Smith, Good Bones
"People will trust a reliable criminal more readily than a shady businessman." - Andy Weir, Artemis
"The highest of distinctions is service to others." - King George VI
"Kids fantasize about food.  Young people fantasize about sex.  Adults fantasize about time." - Zach Weiner
"In other parts of the country people tried to stay together for the sake of the children.  In New York they tried to work things out for the sake of the apartment." - David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day
"Die when I may, I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow." - Abraham Lincoln
"Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once." - William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar
"For I know that the whole for good is planned, And I want to see it all." - Robert W. Service, A Rolling Stone
"A people shall be judged civilized by how the least among them are succored." - N.K. Jemisin, The Shadowed Sun
"Questions are never indiscreet.  Answers sometimes are." - Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
"It is always worth while asking a question, though it is not always worth while answering one." - Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
"Survival is insufficient" - Star Trek: Voyager episode "Survival Instinct"
"Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops." - Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse Five
"Why are we always complaining?  We get to be alive." - Lydia Millet, A Children's Bible
"The goal of the future is full unemployment, so we can play.  That's why we have to destroy the present politico-economic system." - Arthur C. Clarke
"Well, but then he died, as people tend to do.  It's consistently disappointing how consistently that happens." - Emily M. Danforth, Plain Bad Heroines
"It was a habit of his to be comfortable on Sunday afternoons." - Isaac Asimov, I, Robot
"A man can't live on his own.  He lives to help others." - Victor "Young" Perez, to a fellow Auschwitz inmate
"What I say is, a town isn't a town without a bookstore." - Neil Gaiman, American Gods
"Silences are easier to bear outdoors." - Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousands Doors of January
"Life has a kind of momentum to it, I've found, an accumulated weight of decisions which becomes impossible to shift." - Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousands Doors of January
"...[F]reedom isn't worth a single solitary shit if it isn't shared." - Alix E. Harrow, The Ten Thousands Doors of January
"She stares down into a small, furrowed face, faintly imperious, like a tiny deity who hasn't seen much of the world yet but is already unimpressed." - Alix E. Harrow, The Once and Future Witches
"It's okay to not be a big man.  It's enough to be a good one." - Brit Bennett, The Mothers
"The world's big and I want to have a good look at it before it gets dark." - John Muir
"I've always known that I had the happy facility of making enemies of any one I ever knew" - Colonel Frederick Benteen, as quoted in Nathaniel Philbrick's The Last Stand
"Adults follow paths.  Children explore." - Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane
"You can't get any movement larger than five people without including at least one fucking idiot." - Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars
"There is love enough in this world for everybody, if people will just look." - Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
"'Maturity,' Bokonon tells us, 'is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.'" - Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
"Il faut (d'abord) durer/One must, above all, endure" - Ernest Hemingway
"Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul... then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can." - Herman Melville, Moby-Dick
"Be sure of this, O young ambition, all mortal greatness is but disease." - Herman Melville, Moby-Dick
"...for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head, and sadly need mending." - Herman Melville, Moby-Dick
"...for there is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men." - Herman Melville, Moby-Dick
"There must be a time of day when the man who makes plans forgets his plans, and acts as if he had no plans at all." - Thomas Merton, No Man is an Island
"But only fools and Americans think they can outrun the past." - Gary Shteyngart
"[W]hen action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep." - Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
"An advanced city is not one where even the poor use cars, but rather one where even the rich use public transport." - Bogotá Mayor Enrique Peñalosa
